Csp1919 Add End to end test (#193)
lightbend/cloudflow: integration-tests/README.md

# Cloudflow Integration Test Suite

This folder hosts the integration tests for Cloudflow.

## Running the integration test suite
### Prerequisites
You must have a working installation of Go v1.14 or later.
You must have `kubectl` installed and configured to talk to the target cluster.
You must have an installed Cloudflow cluster available for the integration tests.

### Manual Execution

> From the `/itest` directory, run `ginkgo -v` or `go test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the `/integration-tests` directory, run `ginkgo -v` or `go test`
```

Reviewer: Do you need to have `ginkgo` installed or does that happen automatically?

> From the `/itest` directory, run `ginkgo -v` or `go test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the `itest` sub-directory, run `ginkgo -v` or `go test`
```
